Hi, guys, in this listen, we will talk about the Supreme Court request by the Supreme provides a
request by the annotation for rest API, the request by the annotation maps, the HTTP request body
to a transfer or domain object enabling what the authorization of the inbound HDTV request.
But they aren't her Zhuo object if a matters parameter is annotated with request buddy Springfield by
the incoming HTTP request, but it took that parameter while doing that.
Simply will use HTP message convertors to convert HTP request by the inter domain object.
Suppling provides many default HTP message convertors which will be used for conversion depending on
the presence of a certain library in projec class.
But of course we can use different content types in like JSON, examine, etc..
For example, if the content type in request header is application JSON, that means the post by the
contains JASSA and if Jackson Library is found in your class, that sibling will delegate the conversion
to Jackson HDTV message convertor for Jasa.
We will see the details of it on our project.
That's all for the beginning.
Thank you.